Update release process (#3227)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/release-new-version.md

### Pre-release phase

- [ ] Start the `release-[version]` branch to initiate the code freeze.
- [ ] Figure out what's updated in this release with the command below or by asking the Product or Engineering Team. The command will output the entire commit list to `log.txt`. You can use this list to obtain external contributions to highlight in the Array. In addition, you can look for the `highlight` tag in PRs but be mindful it's not used very consistently.
  ```bash
  git checkout release-[version]
  git log --pretty=format:"%s %ae" [old-version]..head > log.txt
  ```
- [ ] Update the `VERSION` in `posthog/version.py`
  ```bash
  git checkout release-[version]
  git add posthog/version.py
  git commit -m "Bump version [version]"
  ```

> - [ ] Deploy PostHog playground using the `release-[version]-unstable` Docker image's SHA (you can obtain it from Docker Hub, credentials in 1Password). The PostHog Playground uses a helm chart deployment and the `values.yaml` can be found in the internal `vpc` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Upgrade PostHog playground
    - The PostHog Playground uses a helm chart deployment on Digital Ocean.
    - The upgrade instructions can be found [here](https://posthog.com/docs/self-host/deploy/digital-ocean#upgrading-the-chart)
    - Find the playground cluster in our [Digital Ocean kubernetes clusters list](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/kubernetes/clusters?i=7cfa7c) and switch to the right kubectl context.
    - lookup the the `release-[version]-unstable` Docker image's SHA (you can obtain it from Docker Hub, credentials in 1Password) and update that in the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/PostHog/vpc/blob/main/client_values/posthog/playground.yaml). Make sure to commit any changes made.
    - note that you might need to follow major upgrade notes as mentioned in the upgrade guide same way our users would need to do that.
```
